hello to all cohesion 35
today we find ourselves for a
new announcement video
simply in fact I'm explaining to you
and conditions in which go
take place the slideshow of subscribers
so just for those who
do not know the principle of the trick
what is this cd small slideshow
that I put in the form of volley
generally there are five six shutters
last year I had a lot
it was really great people got
well mobilized and so in these
slideshows actually I put pictures
that you send me an email address of
pictures of fish so either fish
that you hold in your arms is a
fish you take from your hand
do not see that it is you who choose
so that's the email address it's always
the same it's photo pays every time
bidule @ gmail dot com at the level of
his pictures so me I reserve the
right to choose or not the photos that
I usually put I do not put more than
six photos per person simply
for there to be room a little for
everybody
after good if there is someone who
send me lots of pictures and that the
photos are really very beautiful giant
puts several but I spread them in
different slideshow so if you want
that your face appears on youtube
it's your choice
personally I do not mind
blur or put black on your photos
it's up to you to do it
Besides, if you sent me
photos before this video with your
face and you do not want your
face appear two on send me
an emergency mail before I show
the next slideshow whose next
the slideshow it will be on the 15th I think
the time I receive some photos
at the level of photos so I do not know
not if I repeat myself because it's not
obvious to think of everything but I want
no dead fish I do not want to
weights are damaged
of fish roll in the ground and
it's simply because I value
I would not suggest offering content from
quality but I want the slideshow
is nice and still shows a
respect for nature and for
fish and so I will not put an x
are damaged an abused fish etc.
here is a death fish will not appear
not in the slideshow that's for sure
what can i think others ah
yes, I would like you to send me
also if you can some photos by
example of fishing spot landscapes or
so for example a ask them on a
water lily a frog photographing in
macro etc so as to be able to do in
does the introduction and the credits of
the video here and then if not at the level
slideshows so editing is a
hostage I'm going to do it will be very
simple very sober the important thing is that
it is clear and pleasant to look at
level of music I would put
perhaps Royalty-Free Music
via youtube or via a music band
I do not know yet how I'm going
proceed
maybe it's a friend of mine who
will do music I do not know I see
in any case, there is still
a few days before the first
subscribers slide show and then I hope
that you will be as numerous as
you mobilize that last time
because it was really great I
received plenty of photos and we were able to
do I know more if it's 7 or 10
slideshow finally here is so I tell you to
very soon
we find ourselves for a video nash of
the hour on the opening of the trout and
meanwhile not benefited much from
last days that remain before the
closing of the carna go hi all the
world